hey what's going on guys it's like a
gunsmith 11 a here with yet another lego
gun but this time it is the vector this
is not a gun for ma mw3 but it is from
mw2 most of you probably recognize it if
you play the game but so far it's really
cool because it's got a lot of details
and stuff so I'll go over that all right
now so basically i'll start out with you
front i have the foregrip right here i
have um em rod right here charging
handle actually it's a charging handle
actually pull that back ready to go i
have the front sight i have the barrel
and then i also have this gas tube with
it right here in the front there see
that it's pretty cool I'm moving on I
have the clip which comes out like so
put this down click slides out it's a
pretty much a different type of clip I
have it instead of going up like a usual
lego gut does I kind of made it just
like this big old brick line then put
the bullet right here and that way it's
easier and it slides up better but it
also tightens in there so that's pretty
cool I have the handguard right here i
have the foregrip and i have the trigger
which rubber band powered of course and
then on the other side i have somewhat
like a safety here but somewhat like the
state of like right here underneath here
something like that i didn't really go
into the safety and stuff because it
didn't really wasn't that special in the
gun but um this right here this main
thing right here
you can't it you can take the stock and
fold it back there but my stocks acting
really weird right now and it's breaking
a little bit and are my why right here
the backsight and i'll show you the
sights pretty cool you guys wondering
why I'm not so like enthusiastic with
this gun because I mmm it's okay gun to
build but I'm also like really tired
right now so there is the shell ejector
dust cart whatever you want to call it
and there's your stalk and that's pretty
cool so yeah that is my lego vector
super krys v vector um yeah so please
rate comment and subscribe and also i
have this rail up here take scopes like
this one and you can mount it on top
pretty cool so y again this is another
lego gun by lego Gunsmoke 118 next I'm
going to try to create an assault rifle
this time I know you guys are all like
stop creating sng stop it so I'm going
to create an assault rifle that's going
to blow your minds and you're all going
to love this next one so see you guys
later